Question 1:
===========

**What is the difference between Artifical Intelligence and Augmented
Intelligence?**

Artificial Intelligence is a bigger classification and it can be broken
down in automated intelligence and augmented intelligence. AI can be
defined as Augmented Intelligence squared. Helping business people and
the society is called augmented intelligence meanwhile if it helps
robots to perform in their tasks, it’s called automated intelligence and
they are one of the two branches in AI. Augmented Intelligence will make
you save time and augment your set of infomation, helping you on
unstucted data and also filter.

Question 2:
-----------

**Why is Deep Learning such a paradigm shift?**

As the amount of data we accumulate continues to grow, so does the
computing power we need. On the other hand, we collect a large amount of
unstructured data in addition to traditional institutionalized data.
This valuable unstructured data has spawned our need for new algorithms.
Deep learning algorithms can process more unstructured data better and
faster than machine learning. That changed everything, and allowed for a
third rise in AI.

### Question 3:

**What is at stake with (or the lack thereof) digital transformation?**

Global Competitiveness and the future of firms will be put on stake,
since every industrial revolution could be the elevator stair for many
firms to enlarge themselfes. This means also that there could be winners
either losers which will be the firms who don’t adapt to the future
innovation.

[Reference to Accenture-WHO
document](https://www.accenture.com/t00010101t000000z__w__/ru-ru/_acnmedia/accenture/conversion-assets/dotcom/documents/local/ru-ru/pdf/accenture-digital-transformation.pdf)

#### Question 4:

**Do you think developping countries will leapfrog?**

Surely leapfrogging for many developing countries would be ideal but the
main concern is that many developing countries still have a lot of
problems regarding accessing internet or even electricity, for example
India and Brazil. Developping country such as european one who hold more
than 40 % of the world GDP are maybe not investing enough in R&D
comparing to country such as china who invest in public infrastructure.
On the other end China, which is still considered a developing country,
is spending a lot of money on research on AI making them a major key
player in the world. This leapfrog may happen in the case if the
previous problems are resolved and actually the only actionable plan
that could work is the chinese one since their economical firepower is
immense and they started the process of digitalization and AI research
more than 10 years ago but US is still number one and still keeps
investing and being competitive.

[Reference to UN article on
topic](https://www.un.org/development/desa/en/news/policy/opportunity-for-leapfrogging.html)
