Question 1:
-----------

**How does AI transform the relationship between states, businesses and
citizens?**

AI should be seen as augmented intelligence and not the “Sci Fi killer
robot”. AI will transform the way of working of the citizen, sometimes
replacing a type of job to another one. All the citizen should be
trained and inform on the capabilities of AI what can be done with it.
there is also a need for an ethical debate on it to define limit for the
sake of the states, the business and the citizens. AI also need to be
regulated, when it comes to the military usage for example. AI need to
be supervised and regulate to avoid any kind of misused (Microsoft is
one of the company who felt concern about this topic). AI also create
competitiveness between state, it could be seen as a race between all
the different state to know which one would have the most improved AI
therefore the relation are at the same time friendly but competitive
because AI can and will change the current world business model.

Question 2:
-----------

**How is data control becoming an issue for governments?**

Most of the Data are control more by companies than government, the
problem is on one side the protection of data for the citizen and on the
other side the development of new technologies who also need Big data to
be improved. Governments have issues with data, monitoring true
information and highlight fake news is one of the biggest challenge of
this decade. Data handle by companies can be influence by them and send
to citizens and users (USA election, Brexit, COVID-19, Vaccine etc…).
The others issue is the safety of the data, governments need nowadays to
secure the data of theirs citizens and constantly innovate to avoid
foreigners or criminal attack. He has to be a regulator. Therefore, a
chief Data officer have been created

Question 3:
-----------

**Is the multiplication of public policies in AI changing the balance of
power (political, economic, strategic) between States?**

The states have to be a regulator but the multiplication of public
policies change the power in the political, economic and strategic
balance, each country and state is looking for the best AI system, The
most improved technology to be the leader and win the economical,
military and strategic race between them. China The best example of them
is currently trying to “improve his social society” by using AI, one of
the argument is to drastically improve the efficiency of the citizen and
be the first economical country in the world.

Question 4:
-----------

**Should an international institution be created to regulate the use of
AI, as has been done, for example, for atomic energy with the
International Atomic Energy Agency?**

There is nowadays, politics and public institution who creates laws in
partnership with international organizations to avoid the collect or
misused of Big Data and AI but this not a global consensus, therefore a
special institution should regulate and control the usage of big data
and AI from the companies. This institution should not slow down
innovation and R&D but monitor them to be sure that it will respect the
privacy of the citizen and detect criminal intent. This institution
should independent of countries and be under the supervision of
citizens.
